Refine PublicApiAnalyzers multitargeting instructions (#3447)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: src/PublicApiAnalyzers/PublicApiAnalyzers.Help.md

To correctly model the API differences between target frameworks (or any other property), use multiple instances of the `PublicAPI.*.txt` files.

> For example, if you target both `net48` and `netcoreapp3.0` target frameworks, and APIs differ between each, then you would have the following:

Reviewer: I prefer being explicit with the `.` as it is less confusing for people who are new to these monikers. Why not `netcoreapp30` too?

Given the code sample no longer makes explicit mention of any moniker, I'd shorten this sentence to:

```suggestion
If you have multiple target frameworks and APIs differ between them, use the following in your project file:
```

Author: > Why not netcoreapp30 too?

I was under the impression that this doesn't work. I think I tried it with netcoreapp1.0 :D

```xml
  <ItemGroup>
    <AdditionalFiles Include="PublicAPI/$(TargetFramework)/PublicAPI.Shipped.txt" />

>     <AdditionalFiles Include="PublicAPI/$(TargetFramework)/PublicAPI.Unshipped.txt" />

Author: The `PublicAPI` folder reduces clutter in the project when you have 3+ target frameworks.

>   </ItemGroup>

Author: 📝 The Properties window in VS 16.6-p2 seems to struggle equally with both this form and the original form, showing only the files associated with the first target framework as AdditionalFiles and the rest as None. PublicApiAnalyzers itself works equally well with both forms.

Reviewer 2: Can you please file an issue in https://github.com/dotnet/project-system repo for the properties window? Thanks for your help!

Author: Sure! https://github.com/dotnet/project-system/issues/6042
